Add direction finding sample applications for connected mode (#6744)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direction_finding_central/README.rst

.. _bluetooth_direction_finding_central:

Bluetooth: Direction finding central
####################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The direction finding central sample application demonstrates Bluetooth® LE direction finding receive in a response received from connected peripheral device.

Author: Corrected

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52833dk_nrf52820, nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_and_cpuapp_ns

The sample also requires an antenna matrix when operating in angle of arrival mode.
It can be a Nordic Semiconductor design 12 patch antenna matrix, or any other antenna matrix.

Overview
********

> The direction finding central sample application uses Constant Tone Extension (CTE), that is received in request response from connected peer device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The direction finding central sample application uses Constant Tone Extension (CTE) received in a request response from a connected peer device.
```

Author: Corrected

The sample supports two direction finding modes:

* angle of arrival (AoA)
* angle of departure (AoD)

By default, both modes are available in the sample.

Configuration
*************

|config|

This sample configuration is split into the following two files:

> * generic configuration is available in :file:`prj.conf` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* generic configuration is available in the :file:`prj.conf` file
```

Author: @mia-ko should it be corrected?

Author: Corrected

> * board specific configuration is available in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* board specific configuration is available in the :file:`boards/<BOARD>.conf` file
```

Author: Corrected

Board specific configuration involves configuring the Bluetooth LE controller.

> For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, the Bluetooth LE controller is part of a ``child image`` aimed to run on the network core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, the Bluetooth LE controller is part of a ``child image`` meant to run on the network core.
```

Author: @mia-ko should it be corrected?

Author: Corrected

> Configuration for the child image is stored in :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration for the child image is stored in the :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.
```

Author: @mia-ko should it be corrected?

Author: Corrected

Angle of departure mode
=======================

To build this sample with angle of departure mode only, set ``OVERLAY_CONFIG`` to :file:`overlay-aod.conf`.

See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this option.
For more information about using configuration overlay files, see :ref:`zephyr:important-build-vars` in the Zephyr documentation.

> To build this sample for :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, with angle of arrival mode only, add content of :file:`overlay-aod.conf` file to :file:`child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf` file.

Author: This is up to end user. If there is no antenna connected to device in central role then AoA does not make sense.

Antenna matrix configuration for angle of arrival mode
======================================================

To use this sample when angle of arrival mode is enabled, additional configuration of GPIOs is required to control the antenna array.
Example of such configuration is provided in a devicetree overlay file :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay`.

The overlay file provides the information about which GPIOs should be used by the Radio peripheral to switch between antenna patches during the CTE reception in the AoA mode.
At least two GPIOs must be provided to enable antenna switching.

The GPIOs are used by the Radio peripheral in order given by the ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties.
The order is important because it affects mapping of the antenna switching patterns to GPIOs (see `Antenna patterns`_).

To successfully use the direction finding central when the AoA mode is enabled, provide the following data related to antenna matrix design:

* Provide the GPIO pins to ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties in :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay` file

> * Provide the default antenna that will be used to receive PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Provide the default antenna that will be used to receive the PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay` file
```

or

```suggestion
* Provide the default antenna that will be used to receive PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` properties in :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay` file
```

Author: @mia-ko should it be corrected?

Author: I've changed the line to:
`Provide the default antenna that will be used to transmit a PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in the :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.overlay` file`

`a PDU` - cause one of many
`property` there is a single `dfe-pdu-antenna` property in the overlay file.
